#Introduction  
***  
Many researchers came out with papers along with data sets to support their claim. Sometimes, however, one cannot sure about how these supporting data are gained or filtered. In other words, the question of reproducibility arises - If we apply the same method that researchers used, to the 	original data or other data, can we get the same result? If the answer is Yes, it is now safe to conclude that the paper is based on firm data sets. If the answer is No, we would better dig deeper what is going wrong. 

Then the next problem is how people reproduce the result. There were certainly technical difficulties hindering researchers to attain the reproducibility for many years. However, with the help of many computational tools, we are now live in the age of reproducibility.  

Bash, as a Unix Shell, allows us to easily get access to directories and files. So, we can manage our file systems more easily. Markdown is a tool that converts text to HTML(XHTML). Unlike common WYSIWYG tools, Markdown does not need to write full HTML context. Instead, it uses simple formats which save tons of time and efforts. Moreover, with the Pandoc, we can converts HTML to pdf file. Pandoc not only converts files from markup format into pdf, but also into different file output such as HTML formats, Word Processor formats, TeX formats and etc. It is one of the most powerful tools that translates formats into other formats. Git & Github are VCS(Version Control System)s that manage workflow of the project and the place where researchers can collaborate. Make GNU automatically builds output files or executable programs from source code in Makefile to derive the target output. Text editor is primary source for markdown and Makefile. Most of the code and the content will be written on text editor depending on the preference of the users. There is not much difference using notepad, built in text editors, but notepad++ is widely used for window users because of its convenience.  
